feat(curriculum): add football player card tsx project (#67076)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-build-a-football-player-card-builder/69e8b295388ebbd517692bb4.md

---
id: 69e8b295388ebbd517692bb4
title: Step 5
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-5
---

# --description--

> Inside the `card` div, add a `div` with the class name `card-header`. This section will hold the player rating, position, tier badge, and club name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the `card` element, add a `div` with the `className` of `card-header`. This section will hold the player rating, position, tier badge, and club name.
```

# --hints--

> You should add a `div` with the class name `card-header` inside the `div` with class name `.card`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should add a `div` with the `className` of `card-header` inside the `div` with `className` of `.card`.
```
